---
tags: 读书
---

#### 句子

* A false tale often betrays itself.
* A man is known by the company(同伴) he keeps.
* A ounce(盎司) of prevention is worth a pound of cure.
* A <u>willful</u> beast must go his own way.
* A little things in hand is worth more than a great thing in <u>prospect</u>.
* Appearances are <u>deceptive</u>.
* Attempt no impossibilities.
* Avoid a <u>remedy</u> that is worse than the disease.
* Better <u>humble</u> security than gilded danger.
* Better one safe say than a houndred on which you cannot <u>reckon</u>.
* Beware <u>lest</u> you lose the substance by grasping at the shadow.
* By asking for too much, we may lose the little that we once had.
* <u>Contentment</u> with our lot is an element of happiness.
* <u>Counsel</u> without help is useless.
* Count the cost before you commit yourselves.
* Do not attempt to hide things which cannot be hid.
* Do not attempt too much at once.
* Do not trust <u>flatterers</u>.
* Even a fool is wise——when it is too late.
* Evil tendencies are shown in early life.
* Evil wishes, like chickens, come home to <u>roost</u>.
* Example is more powerful than <u>precept</u>.
* False confidence often leads into danger.
* Fine clothes may <u>disguise</u>, but silly words will <u>disclose</u> a fool.
* <u>Gratitude</u> is the sign of noble souls.
* Greed often over reaches itself.
* He that finds <u>discontentment</u> in one place is not likely to find happiness in another.
* He that is neither one thing nor the others has no friends.
* He who does a thing well does not need to <u>boast</u>.
* In avoiding one evil, care must be take not to fall into another.
* In quarreling about the shadow we offen lose the substance.
* Industry(勤劳) is truly a treasure itself.
* It is the common lot of <u>mortals</u> to <u>sustain</u> the ups and downs of fortune.
* It is <u>thrifty</u> to prepare today for the wants of tomorrow.
* Like will draw like.
* Look before you <u>leap</u>.
* Men often bear little <u>grievances</u> with less courage than they do large misfortunes.
* Misfortune tests the <u>sincerity</u> of friends.
* Nature exceeds <u>nurture</u>.
* Neccessity knows no law.
* Never trust the advice of a man in difficulties.
* Never trust your enermy.
* No one can be a friend if you  know not whether to trust or to distrust him.
* One man's preasure may be another's pain.
* Outside show is a poor substitude for inner worth.
* People often <u>grudge</u> others what they cannot enjoy themselves.
* Pleasure bought with pains, hurts.
* <u>Precautions</u> are useless after the crisis.
* Precious things are for those that can prize them.
* Pride goes before destruction.
* <u>Revenge</u> will hurt the <u>avenger</u>.
* Self-help is the best help.
* Slow but <u>steady</u> wins the race.
* Some men are of more consequence in their own eyes than in the eyes of theirs neighbors.
* The greatest kindness will not bind the <u>ungrateful</u>.
* They are not wise who give to themselves the <u>credit</u> due to others.
* They who act without sufficient thought, will often fall into unsuspected danger.
* To the <u>selfish</u> all are selfish.
* Union gives strength.
* Use serves to overcome <u>dread</u>.
* We often <u>despise</u> what is mose useful to us.
* We often give our enemies the mean for our own destruction.
* What's bred in the bone will stick to the fresh.
* Wit has always an answer ready.



#### 单词

* avenger: *n. 复仇者*
* boast: *v. 自夸；吹牛；以...为荣 n. 自夸；引以为荣的事物*
* contentment *n. 满足；使人满足的事*
* counsel: *n/v. 劝告；建议*
* credit: *n. 信用；荣誉；学分；赞扬；贷款；赊欠；贷方；存款*
* deceptive:  *adj. 骗人的；虚伪的*
* despise: *vt. 轻视*
* disclose: *vt. 揭露；使某物显露；公开*
* discontentment: *n. 不满；不平*
* disguise: *vt. 掩饰；假装；假扮 n. 伪装；伪装物*
* dread: *v. 惧怕；担心 n. 恐惧；可怕的人或事 adj. 恐怖的；使人敬畏的*
* flatter: *v. 奉承；恭维；取悦；显得好看*
* gratitude: *n. 感激；感谢*
* grievance: *n. 委屈；冤情；苦况*
* grudge *n. 怨恨；恶意 vt. 不愿；吝惜；嫉妒*
* humble: *adj. 谦逊的；粗陋的；卑下的；微末的 vt. 使 ... 卑下；贬低*
* leap: *v. 跳跃；跃过；跃*
  n. 跳跃；跃
* lest *conj. 惟恐；以免；担心*
* mortal: *adj. 致命的；终有一死的；不共戴天的；极度的 n. 凡人*
* nurture: *n/vt. 养育；培育*
* precaution: *n. 预防；预防措施*
* precept: *n. 道德箴言；规则；训诫*
* prospect: *n. 希望；前景；景色 v. 勘探；寻找*
* reckon *v. 计算；认为；估计*
* remedy: *n. 治疗法；药物；补救 vt. 治疗；补救；矫正*
* revenge: *n/v. 报仇；报复*
* roost: *n. 栖木；鸟窝；栖息处 v. 栖息；安歇*
* selfish: *adj. 自私的；利己的*
* sincerity: *n. 真诚*
* steady: *adj. 稳定的*
* sustain *vt. 支持；承受；维持；认可；经受*
* thrifty: *adj. 节俭的*
* ungrateful: *adj. 忘恩负义的；不领情的*
* willful: *adj. 任性的；故意的*